there's this belief that if you're not
there when a family member dies spirit
will roam aimlessly and become a ghost
[Music]
saw you at the hospital are you from
here yeah you like it you I'm really
interested in architecture here this
town is quite the mecca
there are nights that my mom's wouldn't
come home at all how long do I stay here
why does it take your son I want to show
you something this was one of the first
modern banks in America who are you okay
shut up I'm just trying to tell you
about this building
right like the hassle
it was never interested you don't want
him to get better I do not you like her
I think she's great you of all people
should be in college I just think I
should stay here you are smart and
talented you could do a lot better than
one
you know baldness suddenly this place
I'd live my whole life felt different
[Music]
like I've been transported somewhere
you